CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Dev guide for ngx-maplibre-gl

## Install project dependencies (package.json)

```
npm ci
```

## Run ngx-maplibre-gl showcase

```
npm run start
```

Then, you can make your changes to the lib and experiment with the showcase app directly.

## Generate the API docs

API documentation are using [typedoc](https://typedoc.org/). The docs are generated in to the API folder under `dist/showcase` and are served using an `iframe` in maplibre.org/ngx-maplibre-gl.
In order to generate the docs run

```
npm run docs
```


## Commit format

https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit

## Release a new version

IMPORTANT: ngx-maplibre-gl does not follow - It uses the main version of angular as the major and usualy the maplibre-gl version as the minor.

Check if tests are OK (`npm run test` and `npm run e2e` or take a look at ci if your changes are pushed).

Change the version in both package.json files - the version should match the supported angular version

Manually edit `CHANGELOG.md` if necessary.

If everything is OK, push the changes

Run the create-bump-version-PR workflow to update the version

Once merged to main, a new version should be created automatically.

Commit message:

Update contributing guide for release

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Dev guide for ngx-maplibre-gl

## Install project dependencies (package.json)

```
npm ci
```

## Run ngx-maplibre-gl showcase

```
npm run start
```

Then, you can make your changes to the lib and experiment with the showcase app directly.

## Generate the API docs

API documentation are using [typedoc](https://typedoc.org/). The docs are generated in to the API folder under `dist/showcase` and are served using an `iframe` in maplibre.org/ngx-maplibre-gl.
In order to generate the docs run

```
npm run docs
```


## Commit format

https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#commit

## Release a new version

IMPORTANT: ngx-maplibre-gl does not follow semver - It uses the main version of angular as the major and usualy the maplibre-gl version as the minor.

Run the create-bump-version-PR workflow to update the version and changelog.

Manually edit `CHANGELOG.md` to add the new version name and release data, also edit the version content if needed.

Once merged to main, a new version should be created automatically.
